
Song 1:

---

Verse 1: Rick Ross

I'ma shift the paradigm, I'ma turn up every time
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
How I'm gonna get there, because he...
When everyone says "Hey, you're not working, you're not making any money"
Don't spend no money
She went to the doctor, got lipo with your money

Verse 2: Nas

Tell me what it takes to be number one
Let's say all your friends, remember the one
You said if you ever she would be the one
I'm about that Farrakhan, life is a marathon
You don't see how our life was supposed to be?
How I'm gonna get there, because he...
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Plus, what was meant to be was meant to be

Chorus: 070 Shake
I don't know if anybody understands what that feels like
You only live once, do whatever you like
When you meet me in person what do you feel like?
And I don't feel like
Skate on the paradigm and shift it when I feel like
And havin' one of my co-workers say "Yo, you look just like
Real life, what does it feel like?
And she grabbin' on my, like

Verse 3: Kanye West

Rosary piece, yeah that's my Catholic style
Red and white Ones, yeah that's my Kappa style
Never, ever, never come back in style
Goddamn, Yeezy, how he hit 'em with a new style?
Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
What's your addiction? Is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed?
You don't want a dude to smoke, but he can't buy weed
But this man can’t handle his weed

---

Song 2:

---


Verse 1: Consequence

I know he the most high
I can't study no, yeah my
Yeah, 9:08 L.A. time
Man, that's over half of the pie
Let me handle my business, damn
How you feelin', how you feelin', how you feelin' in this mother fucker, god damn
Common passed on this beat, I made it to a jam
Goddamn! Got a bald fade, I might slam

Verse 2: Common

Let me know if it's a problem then, aight man, holla then
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
"What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?
You know the next question, dawg, "Yo, where Dame at?"
That's why shorty's hollerin', "Where the ballers at?"
At least you know that's what I'm good at
Where your goddamn book bag at?

Chorus: John Legend
What if somebody from the Chi' that was ill got a deal
This that what-we-do-don't-tell-your-mom shit
Game 'pon lock shit, gun 'pon cock shit
We go through too much bullshit
But I'm not too good at that shit
Back in the lab and shit
We took that shit, measured it and then cooked that shit
Hey back in a touched up Jag shit

Verse 3: Al Be Back

After all, who can I turn to?
And he will reach out his hand and guide me through
And it's all because of you, girl we through
I can't keep my cool, so I keep it true
I am a god
Or touché, Lupe cool as the unthawed
I am a god
I am a god

---

Song 3:

---


Verse 1: Kanye West

I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
'Specially in my Pastellé, on my Bape shit
Make it cry, come boohoo this shit
As I look down at my diamond-encrusted piece
On a Polo rugby, it looks so nice
Don't do no yoga, don't do pilates
Four-fours or Black Christ? Both flows'd be nice

Verse 2: Kanye West

He was so greedy with degrees, he took my degree
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
Went from one in four to one in three
Plus I got a whole city to hold down
Way down, they'd try to bring me down
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
One day, they'd tried to bring me down

Chorus: Chaka Khan
Every one of them that I know
I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow
You make me smile with my heart, ohh
Let me know
Make you touch the sky, hey, maybe so
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low
Like old folks pissin', I guess it all depends, oh, oh

Verse 3: Kanye West

Only tell you real shit, that's the tea, no sip
I be pullin' up stuff in the Phantom ship
Even with the bitter cup
I know Christ is the fountain that filled my cup
How could you be so
That's why we need You now, oh
N-n-n-now, my flow
My light in darkness, oh

---

Song 4:

---


Verse 1: Kanye West

Real friends, how many of us?
Pretending he's with us, he's not one of us
I know that Jesus died for us
‘Cause right now thou hast forsaken us
You know why? It take too much to touch her
I don't care what none of y'all say, I still love her
Focus on the future and let the crew knock her
You know what I told her?

Verse 2: Kanye West

And I’ma let you finish, but I got Beyoncé on the track
Virgil, Pyrex, Don C snapback
Dame was like, "Yo you got a deal with Capitol? Okay man, just make sure it's not wack."
This my version of a shout-out track
Ain't nobody expect Kanye to end up on top
If she get the ass with it, that's a 50 pop
I used the Western Union for you like it's no prob'
Before Cam got the shit to pop

Chorus: Chris Brown & Akon
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've been down this road, too many times before
Milling about, spilling they feelings in the air
Baby, we'll go out to the floor
I've never even seen this part of Pussy Town before!"
Now look at what you just saw, this is what you live for
We hit the liquor store

Verse 3: Kanye West

Burn out, cave in
The second she storm out then he storm in
Take my number and lock it in
When I go to work, she gotta call it in
Maybe I should call Mase so he could pray for us
And the hell, it wouldn't spare us
For all the moms, the dads, the kids, the families that shared this moment with us
‘Cause right now thou hast forsaken us

---

Song 5: (includes an inappropriate long spoken verse)

---


Verse 1: Talib Kweli

Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good?
But I don't really care, it's how we on it all the time
I’m, I’m sky high!
I can't study no, yeah my
I could make you high, I can make you fly

Verse 2: Kanye West & Sumeke Rainey

The glory
I did it for the glory
And he explained the story 'bout how Blacks came from glory
The glory
Talkin' 'bout what niggas tryin' to do: just not new
We never gonna die, whoo!
And I was like, "Man that shit tight," you know what I'm sayin', man what I'ma tell him? I was on the train, man, you know. So after that, I went back home. And man I'm, I'm just in Chicago, I'm trying to do my thing. You know, I got groups. I got acts I'm trying to get on, and like there wasn't nothin' really like poppin' off the way it should have been. One of my homies that was one of my artists, he got signed. But it was supposed to really go through my production company, but he ended up going straight with the company. So, like I'm just straight holdin' the phone, gettin' the bad news that dude was tryin' to leave my company. And I got evicted at the same time. So I went down and tracked the beats from him, I took that money, came back, packed all my shit up in a U-Haul, maybe about ten days before I had to actually get out so I ain't have to deal with the landlord cause he's a jerk. Me and my mother drove to...
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to

Chorus: Syleena Johnson & Kanye West
All for a chance to be a star
Come as correct as a porn star
Turn the camera on, she a born star
I think I fell in love with a porn star
Without regard to where they are
And now the judge is telling me that I had gone too far
I think I just fell in love with a porn star
One day I’m gon' marry a porn star

Verse 3: Kanye West

Can we get much higher? So high
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
'Cause a nigga cheatin', telling you lies, then I started to cry
I've been outta my mind a long time
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
Tell everybody I'm back in town
Keeping your love lockdown—your love lockdown
So keep your love lockdown—your love lockdown
